I found some clues
How are you?
Did you find the little junior sister?
The people under my command did find some clues
But I'm going to investigate it myself
Verify true and false
I have it here too.
Start the investigation immediately
I don't know what little junior sister is doing now.
Are you looking for us too?
Will someone bully her?
Don't worry, little junior sister is auspicious
It'll be alright
Time is running out
Now that everyone has their own speed limit
Then we'll go to check separately.
Notify each other as soon as there is news
If someone dares to bully my little junior sister
I will never forgive him
Then we'll go first.